name: v0
command: display_image
image_filename: pine_tree01.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.

name: v1
command: display_image
image_filename: apple_tree_empty.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.

name: v2
command: display_image
image_filename: tree24.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.

name: v3
command: display_image
image_filename: tree13.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.

name: v4
command: display_image
image_filename: tree25.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.

name: v5
command: display_image
image_filename: bushes01.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.

name: v6
command: display_image
image_filename: tree26.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.

name: v7
command: display_image
image_filename: tree27.png
data: none
inventory_condition: none
game_condition: none
quest_accepted: none
dialog_text: none
comment: Just display the image.
